Welcome back honors take a bit of time to talk about the surveillance framework and something that I
may have skimmed over a little too quickly and the previous video and that is the fact that server less
isn't just for Amazon Web services you can use it with a ton of things.
You see that in the server less create command.
We have all these templates and we use the Amazon know James.
There's also Amazon with typescript.
There's Python there's Java.
There's all these other things.
But also if we keep going down we see open wisk which is IBM.
So IBM is webservices as well as if we keep going down we see that there's also Azure.
So that is Microsoft that offers these services.
You also have Google.
So Servilius works with all of these service providers which is really really nice.
Another reason I like showing gyud this method is because we're learning how to use not just AWOS but
also all these other services that might meet your needs better.
Now since we got that through the other thing I want to do is I want to make sure that my rankly which
remember our node version here is 6.10 and because we're going to be deploying it from our server less
framework will have to go back to our dashboard and remove this rankly lambda function because we don't
want to create it here we're creating it through server less.
So I'm going to go back to functions and just remove rankly goodbye rankly your life was short lived.
All right let's minimize this and talk a little bit about the YAML file.
The server less documentation is really really good at explaining all of these.
So I'm not going to take too much time doing that because each one of them is different but you can
write a bunch of defaults that they already have.
For example in here if we uncomment this we see that we have regions where we want our server to be
if you live somewhere else other than the North American you might want to change this so that the server
is going to be closer to your users if you keep scrolling down you see that we also have environmental
variables that we can add to our functions.
For maybe perhaps making sure that the secrets stay outside of our functions and then obviously we've
talked about the functions before we have our functions that we define called Hello so we can access
it with the name hello and this can be changed to watever and it references the handler dodgiest function
the in the YAML file.
The following are a few example events that you can configure so we can configure different events that
the helo function will be triggered with.
For example we can do a sheepy we can do as three.
So let's say somebody loads an image to an S3 bracket like a profile image and we need to let's say
resize it well the trigger is going to be the ESRI image that gets uploaded and then that's going to
trigger the helo function to do something.
And by the way we're going to be using a CGP in our case but I wanted to show you that there's different
things we can do for example.
Another one that I really like using is the schedule.
And here I can say how often I want the function to run.
For example if I want a function to run every hour maybe to check a stock market price.
Well I can tell it to run every hour and that every hour.
The function is going to run.
And if you use an API like Twilio that sends you text messages you can have every hour a text message
just says the stock price is so-and-so or the stock price has gone up 100 percent.
You're now Rich something along those lines.
And there's a lot of things that we can go through here.
But like I said these are all configuration items that you'll encounter when you actually have a specific
need for a function while we're going to do now is build out our function.
But there's one last configuration item that we need to do with server less before we have access to
our AWOS account.
You see right now I've created this service framework that lives on my laptop but yes doesn't really
know that this exists.
I need to connect my account to this server list framework so that I can write the function and then
deploy it.
So let's do that in the next video.
I'll see you in that one.